All right guys so now I'm going to give you a challenge.
I want you to style a form that looks like this.
It doesn't have to be exact but something similar.
That looks pretty decent and clean.
So I'm gonna give you all the H T.M. I'm gonna give you even that the classes and all the elements were
styling along with some hints.
So in the in this lecture you should find a file called form styling underscore start date each team
out.
And what I'm going to do here is I'm going to create a file called Twelve underscore form underscore
styling dot H team L and I'm gonna grab everything that's in that start file and paste it in and just
go over it real quick.
So let me just close this up and let's take a look at the H Team Alpha so we have an idea of container
that wraps around everything and then we have an eye class of form wrap that wraps around the form.
OK so this part right here we have an H1 a paragraph and then in our form we have some fields.
Each one is wrapped in a div with the class of form group and inside the form group.
We have the label.
We also have the input.
OK.
So we have first name last name email password confirmed password.
Then we have a button which which has a class of B10.
OK.
Then we have a paragraph which is this part right here.
And underneath the form wrap.
We just have a footer that says already have an account log in here.
So that's the markup for this.
Now up here you have everything that's going to be styled all the styles that I'm going to add along
with some hints.
So I'm going to go along and just give you some hints here.
So as you can see I actually brought in a font from Google fonts called railway.
So just that you want to you want to use that as your font family.
I have an asterisk here.
It says may want to add Border box for box sizing so padding does not affect the width.
We've talked about that quite a bit.
We should also reset the margin and padding in the body.
I'm just saying the background color is going to be this right here.
Now I'm not saying that that's all you need to put in the body or that's all you should put it's just
a hint.
OK.
In the tags underlines or ugly.
So you probably want to remove those container.
So remember margin Auto on the left and right will center a block element.
So you want to center the container and remember margin auto.
All right.
And I'd also suggest using a max width for responsiveness.
You also may want to add some padding.
Now the form wrap is the white area around the form so this whole box right here around the form in
the heading and all of that.
So figure out how to style that the H1 in the paragraph you want to center these.
Remember the text line property the form wrap or the form group I should say each label and input is
wrapped in the form group.
So this is a form group right.
So you may want to add some margin separating these labels should be turned into a block element.
OK.
Because we want the label to be on its own line and we don't want to use line breaks.
I only use line breaks to give you guys examples.
You don't want to use those in your actual layout.
So turn that into a block element so that the next element pushes on to the next line inputs should
reach across the form wrap 100 percent and have some padding by default inputs are very ugly.
They're very thin and it'll only it won't go across the whole thing.
So you might want to set the width to 100 percent and add some padding.
So the format button which is this right here should wrap across 100 percent.
It should also be displayed as a block OK background color is this next right here.
The hover is this color for the button.
Let's see the bottom text is smaller so you might want to set the font size smaller for the bottom text
footer which is this right here should be centered.
So remember text line and the footer color.
I'm sorry the footer link color is this right here.
So that's a lot of hints.
So I'm going to give you guys this is a challenge to try and recreate this.
OK.
And don't just skip it really try it if it looks absolutely insane and nothing like this.
Don't worry about it.
Don't get discouraged.
It's kind of a tough challenge if you're just learning CSX but just give it a shot.
OK.
And then in the next video I'll go over it and I'll give you all my styling and it doesn't even have
to match mine.
OK.
As long as it looks decent so I'll see you in the next video which will be the conclusion.